First up is the union function
for combining multiple objects.
Let's create a rotated instance of our
original cube object, let's call it rotObj,
use our rotate function and
rotate it by 45 degrees.
And do the whole thing with our cube object.
And then push our rotated
object into our objects array.
So we now have a rotate. Two cubes. One rotated
by 45 degrees and it already looks like they are
combined, but if you would export this version
right now and open it in another 3D software
you would see that those are still two completely
separate 3D objects and not a combined one.
To actually combine them, we will not
push the individual objects into our array
but instead create a union object
and use the union command. And the union command
is very simple. We simply have an array here and
in this array we can add all the different
objects that we want to combine into one
union object. In our case we want the cube object
and the rotate object and then we push our union
object into our objects list. And what looks
like the same as before, is now actually only
one geometry so there are distinct paths along
the edges where those two connect to one another
and we could use this for example in a slicer
software to create a 3D print of this exact object